README 0.1
0.1.1   1 - Added reading of live spectrum signal.
        2 - Added support for sound card as source for spectrum signal.
        3 - Added ability to write out NIST n42 files.
        4 - Added periodic near real time display of spectrum from live signal.
        5 - Added display of waveforms as seen by software, to allow easy adjustment.
        6 - Ported to qwt 5.2.2.  Porting to qwt 6 is impractical.
        7 - This version built with qwt 5.2.2 and Qt4.

0.1	1 - Reorganized folders, not something to do lightly with source control!;
	2 - Changed default labels to English;
			

0.04
        1 - Added support for NIST N42 format files.
        2 - Binary uploaded to www.sourceforge.net.
        3 - Reorganized the folders to keep everything on
            the same level.
        4 - Added a N42 file from NIST to ExampleFiles.
            Also created N42 files from IAEA files.

0.03
        1 - Name change from OpenGamma to OpenGammaX complete.
        2 - Code builds and runs on Linux.  But not completely tested yet.
        3 - No binaries available yet.
        4 - Note that ../opengammamathfuncs makes a shared library.  This must be made and installed
        separately from the main opengammax code.  Place it in a location which will be searched by default.
        /usr/lib is a good choice.
        5 - Example files have been added.  These came from IAEA sources and are useful for testing.

0.02
	Original source from OpenGamma project.

NOTES:

It is recommended that you use the Qt IDE.  However you can build without it.  The makefiles have been included for that reason.

BUILD USING QT CREATOR:
cd <mybuildfolder>
tar xvf opengammax.tar.gz

cd opengammax/opengammamathfuncs
open opengammamathfuncs.pro with QT Creator
From QT Creator select release build
Run qmake from the build menu.
RUn "rebuild project" from the build menu.
exit QT Creator
cd ../build
open opengammax.pro with QT Creator
From QT Creator select release build
Run qmake from the build menu.
RUn "rebuild project" from the build menu.
exit QT Creator


BUILD WITHOUT QT CREATOR:
cd <mybuildfolder>
tar xvf opengammax.tar.gz
cd opengammax/opengammamathfuncs
make
make clean
cd ../build
make
make clean

Yes I know there are a million warnings.  I will attack that problem in time.

RUNNING:
Run with the following command line:
LD_LIBRARY_PATH=../opengammamathfuncs/ ./opengammax

A script called ogx.sh is provided in the build folder for this purpose.

Libraries for qwt and qt must be in the library search path.



